Watson:VO recapping move-in, curiosity, learning of profession, introducing story by saying his work on this case extinguished all initial skepticism, then open on Sherlock receiving Lestrade's note
Background:BakerSt
Watson:It all started when we recieved a letter from Tobias Gregson of Scotland Yard, asking Sherlock to consult on a mysterious murder in a house at Laureston gardens.
Watson:Are you seriously not going?
Sherlock:I'm an incurably lazy person when the fit is upon me, and this case doesn't seem so exciting as to cure me of it
Watson:But he begs you to help him!
Sherlock:Ah yes, he knows I have superior skill and admits it to me in private, but he'd sooner leave the force than admit it to any third person.
Sherlock:Be assured, if I do go and if I solve this case, all credit will go to Gregson and Lestrade. This is the price of being an unofficial person.
Watson:If there's no credit to be gained, you must have some other reason for working with them so often.
Sherlock:Well yes, in my energetic moods I find it most invigorating, and I couldn't allow a guilty party to walk free for the sake of my pride. 
Sherlock:Gregson is the best of a bad bunch at Scotland yard - energetic and tenacious but so conventional. Lestrade too. There'll be some fun over this case if they're both put upon the scent, they can't help competing. 
Sherlock:Ah, I may as well go. I shall work my own line and perhaps have fun with them myself.
Sherlock:You can come too, if you have nothing better to do.
Watson:I'd be delighted!
Background:Blank
Watson:You don't seem to have given much thought to the matter at hand.
Sherlock:No data yet.
Sherlock:It's imperative never to theorise without sufficient data. Otherwise you'll inveriably start twisting facts to fit your theories instead of the other way round.
Watson:You'll have your data soon enough. This is the Brixton Road and that is the house if I'm not mistaken.
Sherlock:Right you are. Stop here driver, thank you.
Background:Laureston
Sherlock:Hold up a minute, I want to have a look at the path up to the house, although what I may find now the police have traipsed all over it is questionable.
Watson:Whatever for, Holmes?
Sherlock:Footprints, my friend. If we first know how our dead man came to be in this abandoned house, we shall better understand what happened within it.
Watson:But there are so many footprints, how can you possibly tell which are whose?
Sherlock:Have a look for yourself and I will talk you through it.
NewScene:Footprints